JUG Nexus Features

First Release:

- Add facebook link (icon) to user pages
- Make it possible to show/hide user information (e.g. email, website, etc.)
- Make registration an Ajax call so that I can have it in multiple locations (event show, event list, main page)
- Send email notifications to registered users (upcoming events, etc.)
- Setup proper security for ratings and comments
- Setup proper security for speaker functions (view my topics, edit my topics, upload files, etc.)
X "Tweet" notable events on the website (event added/updated, topic added/updated, files added)
X Account registration should be moderated (i.e. to ensure that folks are actually likely to participate...similar to Google Groups, prevent spam)
X Add commenting, rating ability to speaker topics (EventSpeakerAssignment)
X Add search capabilities...search events, speakers, topics, etc.
X Add the ability to upload files for a topic
X Aggregate blog feeds for members
X Allow members to add comments to an event
X Allow members to rate events with a star rating
X Be able to designate a talk as a "lightning talk" with a cool icon
X Build in a prize drawing interface like I did for JugEvents (now is at least as good as JugEvents...uses Grails JSON rendering + Prototype rather than DWR...a much more "SOFEA" like solution)
X Cache twitter feeds
X Create events, with date/time, location, speaker information, event abstracts
X Display "human written" directions under the Google Map...(i.e. "Gate is on 3rd Street. Buzz in at the gate...")
X Embed Google Map to event
X Events should be able to have multiple speakers and abstracts (lightning round, code camp?)
X Fix the HORRIBLE styling on the login screen
X Link to speaker twitter feed on event page
X Link to Twitter feed for news...aggregate on the front page
X Make it possible to add sponsors and sponsor categories along with their logo and link
X Need a cool "sign-in" interface that can be used in lieu of printing the sign-in sheet each meeting
X Registered members should be able to register for meetings
X Setup a FaceBook group (http://www.facebook.com/group.php?gid=143824172597&ref=mf)	
X Setup a Twitter account (http://twitter.com/memphisjug)
X Should be able to set a max registration for an event, whether registration is open or closed, etc.
X Use Xwiki rendering throughout for user editable content
X User profile includes full name, username, password, location, company, email, website, blog feed, twitter feed, facebook (?), etc.
X Users can have their accounts "upgraded" to speaker, which will allow them to register availability for meetings, upload slides and other resources, etc.
X Users should be able to register for accounts
X Users should be able to upload a mug shot for their profile, and for any events at which they are speaking (Currently using Gravatar for this)





Future Release:

- Add a way to generate Google Maps directions from any location	
- Possibly setup the FootPrint certificate thing
- Update the star images from Rateable to look better on black bg
- Develop an iphone friendly web interface


Possible Plugins:

X Commentable
X Rateable
X Grails File Uploader
X Spring Security Plugin (Acegi)
X Twitter Plugin
- Recaptcha Plugin for registration
- Mail Plugin
- Blurb Plugin
- Feed Plugin (for creating an RSS feed of our meeting postings)
X Searchable
X Xwiki Render
X Quartz
X Avatar
X yui
X tinyurl

Bugs:

- When I unregister an attendee that was added during in BootStrap, the taglib breaks w/ a NPE.

- Need to fix bug in commentable plugin (local fix only at this point)

Other Info:

Google Maps API Key for localhost development: ABQIAAAACh6QoGMH5jXrbrlXKcLtrxT2yXp_ZAY8_ufC3CFXhHIE1NvwkxQvaCSS6JrjL8_wrwpfs3Wtrb0q-w
memphisjug.org production: ABQIAAAACh6QoGMH5jXrbrlXKcLtrxRCCl3Cu310wKizRJBzKoUV2z9GZhTe65FZcjAmXyZM9K4XUwQwVRKlGA

